Question 1  - Calculate a ticket price based on age. Children under 12 pay $8, seniors 65 and older pay $10, and everyone else pays $15.

Question2 -  Assign dashboard permissions based on a user's role. Admins get full access, editors can modify content, and viewers can only read.

Question 3  - Traffic Light Logic
Determine a driver's action based on the color of a traffic light. Include a fallback else to catch invalid inputs.

Question 4 -  FizzBuzz (The Classic Interview Question)
For a given number, print "Fizz" if it is divisible by 3, "Buzz" if divisible by 5, and "FizzBuzz" if divisible by both 3 and 5. Otherwise, print the number.

Question5  - Shipping Cost Calculator
Calculate delivery charges based on the weight of a package. Under 5kg costs $5, between 5kg and 20kg costs $10, and anything over 20kg costs $20.

Question6 - BMI (Body Mass Index) Category
Print a health category based on a person's BMI number.

Question7 - Shopping Discount System
Give a customer a discount based on how much they spend. $1000 or more gets a 20% discount, $500 or more gets 10%, and under $500 gets 0%

Question8- Speeding Ticket Checker
Check a driver's speed to determine their fine. Speed limit is 60.

nested Questions  
Questions 1 :   School Attendance & Exam
Scenario: A student wants to give their final exam. First, check if their attendance is 75% or higher. If it is, then check if they have paid their exam fees.

Variables to create: attendance_percentage (number) and fees_paid (boolean True/False).

Task: Write a nested if-else to print if they can sit for the exam.


Question 2 - Online Shopping Login
Scenario: A user is trying to buy something online. First, check if they are logged into their account. If they are, check if their shopping cart has any items in it (items > 0).

Variables to create: is_logged_in (boolean) and cart_items (number).

Task: Write the logic to either tell them to log in, add items, or proceed to checkout.


Question3 -  Rollercoaster Ride
Scenario: A kid wants to ride a rollercoaster. First, they must be at least 12 years old. If they are old enough, they must also be taller than 120 cm.

Variables to create: age (number) and height_cm (number).

Task: Print whether they are allowed on the ride based on these two rules.

Question4  Bank ATM Withdrawal
Scenario: A person is at an ATM. First, the ATM checks if their ATM card is valid (not expired). If the card is valid, it checks if their account balance is greater than or equal to the amount they want to withdraw.

Variables to create: card_valid (boolean), balance (number), and withdraw_amount (number).

Task: Write the nested if-else to process the withdrawal.


Question5 :  Build a "Smart Calculator"
Your Task:
Write a Python program that can add, subtract, multiply, and divide two numbers. However, your calculator must include a "Smart Guard" to prevent the program from crashing if someone tries to divide by zero!

Set Up Your Variables:
Start your code by creating these three variables at the top:
num1 = 10
num2 = 0
operator = "/"

Step 1: The Basic Calculator (Using if and elif)
Write the logic for addition, subtraction, and multiplication.

If the operator is "+", add the two numbers together and print the result.

If the operator is "-", subtract num2 from num1 and print the result.

If the operator is "*", multiply the numbers and print the result.

(Hint: Use if for the first condition, and elif for the next two).

Step 2: Catching Typos (Using else)
What if someone types the wrong symbol to calculate?

At the very end of your code, add a block that catches any symbol other than +, -, *, or /.

If they enter a wrong symbol (like @ or ?), print: "Invalid Operator! Please choose a correct symbol."

(Hint: Use an else statement at the very end of your conditions).

Step 3: The Division Guard (Using Nested if)
Now, add one more elif block to handle division ("/").

The Twist: Inside this elif block, you need to create a guard (a nested if-else).

The guard must check: If num2 is exactly 0, print "Error: You cannot divide a number by zero!"

If num2 is NOT 0, then it is safe. Divide num1 by num2 and print the answer.


--------------------------------------------------
Question1  = Quiz
The game asks a question. If you give the wrong answer (else), you lose immediately. If you give the correct answer (if), you unlock the next level and the game asks you Question 2 (nested if).


Question2  = The Monster Fight
A monster appears! You have 3 weapons: Sword, Bow, or Magic (if-elif). Each does different damage. But there is a catch: to use Magic, the game must first check if you have enough energy/mana (nested if).